Update `.quickstart.yml` and `README` (#58)
fivetran/dbt_linkedin: README.md

    <a alt="PRs">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-blueviolet" /></a>
    <a alt="Fivetran Quickstart Compatible"
        href="https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/data-models/quickstart-management#quickstartmanagement">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fivetran_Quickstart_Compatible%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
</p>

This dbt package transforms data from Fivetran's Linkedin connector into analytics-ready tables.

## Resources

- Number of materialized models¹: 25
- Connector documentation
  - [Linkedin connector documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/linkedin)

>   - [Linkedin ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/linkedin#schemainformation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Linkedin connector documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/linkedin-ads#linkedinadanalytics)
  - [Linkedin ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/linkedin-ads#schemainformation)
```

| [linkedin_ads__url_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_linkedin/#!/model/model.linkedin.linkedin_ads__url_report) | Represents daily performance at the individual URL level, including `spend`, `clicks`, `impressions`, and `conversions`, enriched with creative context.<br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<ul><li>Which landing pages are driving the highest conversion rates?</li><li>Are certain URLs performing better with specific creative combinations?</li></ul> |

¹ Each Quickstart transformation job run materializes these models if all components of this data model are enabled. This count includes all staging, intermediate, and final models materialized as `view`, `table`, or `incremental`.

---

## Visualizations

> Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_linkedin). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-linkedin.streamlit.app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_ad_reporting). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-ad-reporting.streamlit.app/ad_performance).
```
